Oh my God. I'm so proud of you.
You've just finished the entire nanodegree introduction to self-driving cars,
and I know it wasn't easy.
You've climbed a mountain you've never climbed before,
but now you understand so much about the field.
And I'm proud of your grit to make it to this point.
Congratulations.
Now you should know we have a follow on nanodegree program on self-driving car.
That one is in many ways more real.
You're going to visit all the topics you've learned,
like pathfinding and controls,
and perception of the [inaudible].
We're going to make it more real by putting real data
in and making the challenges much more challenging.
That is the one this nanodegree is where
our students massively find jobs here in Silicon Valley,
and companies like Waymo,
Tesla and many others,
and you're invited to take it.
But meanwhile I wanted to celebrate,
and tell your parents and your friends about it.
This has been a great accomplishment.
Congratulations.